Disables the feedback mechanism (#1483)
browserengineering/book: book/preface.md

A final note
============

> This book is, and will remain, a work in progress. Please [email us](mailto:author@browser.engineering)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This book is, and will remain, a work in progress. Please [file a github issue](https://github.com/browserengineering/book/issues/new)
```
